# Face_News_Detection


The main solution introduced to solve the problem is binary classification using various
machine learning and deep learning algorithms. The solution partitioned with different
methods used to develop classifier models for each section.
Using Machine Learning approach, it consists of various algorithms such as logistic regression,
decision tree, random forest, and SVM (support vector machine). In SVM, the implementation
can be worked out by both linear and rbf kernel. The methodology used is to collect the
dataset and data cleaning is carried out initially. Split the cleaned dataset into train and test
data with 7:3 ratio. Applying tokenization using TfidfVectorizer and transforming the train
data to train for model. Train various machine learning models with various embeddings for
each algorithm. Combining of unigram and bigram features is utilised. Different embedding
vectors are generated by changing window size, dimension of embedding along with entropy
criterion.
Using Deep learning approach, it consists of various algorithm checks such as convolution
neural network (CNN), bidirectional long short-term memory (BiLSTM). The Solution using the
deep learning is combining both CNN and BiLSTM algorithms to increase the accuracy and
decrease the precision error analysis. After data cleaning and statistics, apply tokenization
techniques to find the indexing, word count and apply tokenisation on every word using keras
tokenizer. Different network architectures are build based on various parameters such as
number of layers, number of neurons, epochs, dropout rate. All the experimentation results
to improve the better accuracy of the model which is to be trained well. Both the algorithms
will build one after another sequentially with a long network of neurons.
